Hello welcome back to the intro Today science course.
I'm very excited about today because I just realized that for some of you this might be the very first
time you're solving a design challenge because love is going to show you how to solve some challenges
in a private journal but this one is actually coming before the Python tutorials.
So that's super cool like congratulations if this is indeed the first time you're selling a disguise
problem.
OK.
So it is for the sake fool for that purpose exactly that.
Maybe it's your first time.
And we had to explain exactly what we're doing.
And you'll notice when you do the Python internals you notice a lot of resemblance in the problem itself
with what Adlon is going to be talking about.
But the way we're going to approach it is going to be very different.
So let's go to this part.
So here I'm just going to use this file to talk about what we're doing.
Let's do an answer here or there.
So this variable I'm going to highlight in yellow.
And then let's you know let's highlighted in red like this one in red.
And all of these other ones in green and that will always help us remember which was which.
All right so at the start we've got some input variables.
These are variables that we know about our customers their age their job their marital status their
education have they ever had a default or do they have created in default Do they have a housing loan.
Do they have a personal loan then some information relating to how we run our current how we were how
we lost contact them on this current campaign.
You know the contact time was that a salary like a mobile phone or a telephone or a landline.
What month was the last contact was it January February or December day of the week.
Monday Tuesday Thursday Friday.
That was it was it Friday duration.
How long was the duration of a call.
By the way it is a note to not to use this variable because it's very highly correlated with the output
so it's kind of like cheating if we use it so we're not going to use it.
Then other attributes campaign.
Number of contacts before during this campaign days like period means a number of days passed by the
bye passed by after the client was contacted from a previous campaign.
So they see how many days passed before since we got lost about a different campaign previous number
of context performed before this campaign ad for this clients.
The outcome outcome of the previous marketing campaign and then some social economic context variables
which are good we you want to worried about employment very rate consumer price index and so on.
So these are all things that you can imagine these are all the things we know or we can easily know
at any point in time like if tomorrow we start working with we pick another client.
That's not that's not in this list of forty eight thousand or whatever number we had.
If we pick a calm client to start in this list then very easily we can find out these things we can
just look at the information on file and you know like that we have about our customer or about in our
interactions of Wisconsin.
The question is can we predict based on this green information can we predict if the client will subscribe
to a term deposit.
To what exactly.
Our campaign is all about.
We want to sell them a term deposit.
That's our goal.
That's the goal of the bank and we want to you know obviously we want to approach customers that are
most likely to subscribe to a term deposit.
Right so even like why would we spend our marketing budget and why would we spend the time or our employees
on you know contacting people who are not likely to subscribe to a term deposit.
So.
So the whole the way this data assigns problem works so the challenge is structured is knowing what
we know about our customers right now about all 48000 rows about 40000 people.
Knowing what we know like all of this information from each year from the second last column to the
left so these are all the green columns right.
So let's just highlight a bit more like that.
So knowing all of these green columns is there a way we can do this section.
So knowing these green columns is there a way we can predict what the white column is so and this and
this data that exists already we know this column.
Right.
We know the results.
So this is like training data because in this data we know what happened.
We know in reality this this person didn't subscribe.
This person did.
But this person did.
So it's like in real life you you have all of these iterations like you have all of these examples from
which you can learn and you can maybe learn that people that let's see what is there like what why why
is this person special why did they.
Maybe because they are you know maybe it's that age that affected their decisions.
Right.
Like maybe you will see that age is correlated with people taking up a term deposit.
Maybe it's that they're an entrepreneur or maybe it's that they're married.
Maybe it's that we can't see them by.
But doesn't really look like it looks like you know a lot of people who were contacted by telephone
didn't subscribe.
Maybe.
All duration of the cold we've already been told that it's highly correlated so we're not going to use
it.
It was the day of the week.
Maybe if we call it on Monday they are more likely to buy the term deposit or get the term deposit.
Whatever everybody is the point is that we can use this existing data to better make better decisions
in the future.
And that's what data science is all about.
So if we have all this data for I think this data was collected 2008 to 2012 four thousand six 2012
you know like for quite quite a few years for like four years or something like that.
So if we have this data for us for a certain period of time why isn't is actually an asset is an asset
to the company and the purpose of a data scientist is to realize how to use that asset how to use that
information turn it into insights to drive decisions in the future to drive better smarter or wiser
decisions that will save money save costs and improve efficiency.
And that's exactly what we're going to be doing.
So we're going to be using these green Marable's to understand which ones of them are correlated with
the spread variable.
So in the future we can be we can just make decisions like that.
For instance we might say the best people to contact are entrepreneurs.
We're going to contact them first and then we're going to contact everybody who has a housing loan.
And there we.
And at the same time we're only going to call them on a Monday because that's the best way to do it.
And if we give that those insights to the operations department or to the CEO they're going to save
a lot of money because they need to contact another 10000 people this year.
So that's what we're going to be doing.
And I know you were probably excited about visualizing starting to visualize right away.
We will jump into visualization and equitorial.
I actually just realized as I was recording this that it's better to first explain the problem because
this is probably for for many it might be the first time you're doing a design problem.
And we'll get to it.
Promise we'll get to it in the next.
So I'll see you there and we'll start visualizing right away.
And until then enjoy data Davison's.